well two kitchens in the mid-valley
battle it out for the dirtiest and get
this they are neighbors yeah but it's a
taqueria pasta with old beef and
cilantro inside a tub of cheese that
stands out is tonight say what moment
get ready for the good the bad and the
dirty dining as we reveal what's not on
the menu this week's loofah thought a
double dose of dirty dining at this
North Bridge shopping plaza in weslaco
tortilleria progresso scores 33 demerits
neighboring business valley food mart
number one scores 40 demerits both
remain under the health inspectors watch
six weeks after the initial inspections
tortilleria progresso for preparing
foods not approved by the city Valley
Food Mart for failing a reinspection
their kitchen is actually shut down for
two days violations included off
temperature potatoes and eggs a cross
contamination concern no so portales for
proper sanitation grease accumulation on
the walls as well a third City checkup
is still in the works laia speciale
bakery on West Robertson and San Benito
isn't keeping it clean 101 demerits on
in mid-november inspection not on the
menu the inspector documents the
violations on camera dirty walls and
floors with beef juices dripping on the
prep table dirty pans where the bread is
stored and baked raw Turkey drippings of
the bread prep table and a cross
contamination of raw and cooked turkeys
in the walk-in cooler Miguel ornelas is
the owner's son we've been you know oh
building on
we've been added in that and I've trying
to keep it all clean food patrol fans
are pleased to hear this popular spot
wants to keep it clean well neither
something yeah something towards getting
it to improve it yeah and mean it and
try to fix it taqueria Tampico 150-200
Peretti's line road in Brownsville is
the dirtiest on food for thought fifty
two demerits eatery is shut down for two
days on December third for no hot water
inspector photo showed dirty floors
greasy kitchen conditions a filthy
cutting board off temperature food and
old cilantro and beef mixed in this
cheese been 14 demerits remain on a
reinspection jackinthebox 0902 raul
longoria and san juan is this week's
featured top performer with zero
demerits manager Sandra Morales is
smiling the second she sees the food
patrol at the door yes they did I saw
you out there watch the Angeles all you
out there angela is a big-time food
patrol fan and one of several workers
proud to have a sticker on the door for
keeping it clean makes us feel it great
it's excited to know that we're up there
and keeping our restaurant clean been
wanting to meet you for a long time i
watch a channel come everyone's day you
know we say to that and congrats to
these additional top performers tonight
Hacienda and Elsa and Votto and churches
in San Juan churches as well in palmview
and that is it remember kitchens keep it
clean we're reporting what's not on the
menu foot patrol fans you know where to
go to share your restaurant experiences
so others know exactly what you had to
deal with you can also check out
exclusive photos before it hits the air
be a foot patrol insider by searching
Ryan wolf